# ManaShop User Agreement

## Dated: 27 June 2017

The following describes the terms on which Mobile Health Pte Ltd offers you access to our services.

## Introduction

Welcome to ManaShop. By using the ManaShop App you agree to the following terms, including those available by hyperlink, with Mobile Health Pte. Ltd. and its affiliates (together "Mobile Health Group" or the "Company"), and the general principles for this App. This Agreement is effective immediately upon acceptance by new users.
## Scope

Before you may become a member of the App, you must read and accept all of the terms and conditions in, and linked to, this User Agreement and Privacy Policy. We strongly recommend that, as you read this User Agreement, you also access and read the linked information. By accepting this User Agreement, you agree that this User Agreement and Privacy Policy will apply whenever you use our App and services.
## Your Account

Why register: You do not need to Register to use much of the functionality of the Website or to access much of the Service. However, you must Register in order to make a Purchase from the Website. This is so that we can provide you with easy access to print your orders, view your past purchases and modify your preferences. We reserve the right to decline a new Registration or to cancel an account at any time.
## How to register:

To Register you need to supply us with your name, postcode, email address, payment details and possibly some other personal information. See our Privacy Policy for more details about this. Passwords: Once you finish Registration, we will allocate a password to you and your account. You must keep the password confidential and immediately notify us if any authorised third party becomes aware of that password or if there is any unauthorised use of your email address or any breach of security known to you. You agree that any person to whom its user name or password is disclosed is authorised to act as your agent for the purposes of using (and/or transacting via) the Service and Website. Please note that you are entirely responsible if you do not maintain the confidentiality of your password.
## Valid email addresses:

All accounts must be registered with a valid personal email address that you access regularly, so that, among other things, moderation emails can be sent to you. Any accounts which have been registered with someone else’s email address or with temporary email addresses may be closed without notice. We may require users to re-validate their accounts if we believe they have been using an invalid email address. Closing accounts: We reserve the right to close accounts if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple registration accounts, or if an non-SG user pretends to be a SG user, or disrupts the Website or the Service in any way. Multiple logons: If you use multiple logins for the purpose of disrupting a community or annoying other users you may have action taken against all of your accounts. If you use this App, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.If you are under 18 years old, you may use this App only with authorization from a parent or legal guardian. The Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
## Using this App

While using this App, you will not : - post content or items in an inappropriate category or areas on our App or services; - violate any laws, third party rights, or our policies such as the Prohibited and Restricted Items policies; - use our App or services if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18, or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from our App; - manipulate the price of any item or interfere with other user's listings; - circumvent or manipulate our fee structure, the billing process, or fees owed to the Company; - post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, or libelous content (including personal information); - take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems; - transfer your account to another party without the Company's consent; - distribute or post spam, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; - distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm the App, or the interests or property of users of the App; - copy, modify, or distribute content from the App and the Company's copyrights and trademarks; or - harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, without their consent; or - use existing user accounts or create new user accounts in order to circumvent or avoid buying or selling limits, restrictions, holds or other policy consequences Violations of this policy may result in a range of actions, including: - Account suspension / termination - Criminal charges / claim for damages
## Abusing our App

We keep our App and services working properly and safe. Please report problems, offensive content and policy violations to us. Without limiting other remedies, we may limit, suspend, or terminate our service and user accounts, prohibit access to our sites and their content, delay or remove hosted content, and take technical and legal steps to keep users off the sites if we think that they are creating problems or possible legal liabilities, infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our policies (for example, and without limitation, policies related to shill bidding, conducting off-site transactions, feedback manipulation, circumventing temporary or permanent suspensions or users who we believe are harassing our employees or other users). Additionally, we may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, suspend or terminate accounts of users who may be repeat infringers of intellectual property rights of third parties. We also reserve the right to cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a long time.
## Purchase and Payment

You should carefully read the item detail page and review information such as price, option price, (overseas) shipping charges, import duty, etc. and terms and conditions for sales before purchasing an item. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any loss or damages to a buyer arising from shipping information and/or payer information entered by the buyer or wrong remittance by the buyer in connection with the payment for the items purchased. We reserve the right to check whether a buyer is duly authorized to use certain payment method, and may suspend the transaction until such authorization is confirmed or cancel the relevant transaction where such confirmation is not available. Healthcare Goods and safety: For healthcare Goods, in the event of any safety concerns or for any other information about a product, we recommend you carefully read the information provided with the product or contact the manufacturer. Content on the website is not intended to substitute for advice given by a medical practitioner, pharmacist or other licensed healthcare professional. Customers should contact their healthcare provider immediately if they suspect that they have a medical problem. Information and statements about Goods are not intended to be used to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or health condition. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we accept no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about Goods by manufacturers or other third parties.
## Delivery

On receipt of the payment from the buyer, the Company shall instruct the seller to take necessary actions for delivery or collection within 3 business days from the date of the delivery instruction. If the seller fails to do so, the Company may cancel the transaction and shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damages to the seller due to such cancellation. Sellers shall take all reasonable actions for buyers to receive purchased items within the time period specified by the seller on the item detail page. If a seller fails to deliver the purchased item within such period or the item was not received by the buyer due to a reason not attributable to the buyer (such as delivering to the wrong address), the seller shall bear all liabilities relating thereto. If any transaction is cancelled due to a reason attributable to the seller (e.g. non-delivery of the purchased items), the Company may take actions against the seller.
## Cancellation, Return and Refund

We may have to cancel an order before the Goods are delivered due to an event outside our reasonable control, including due to equipment breakdown or transportation difficulties. We will promptly contact you if this happens. Buyers may cancel purchases at any time before shipment. Once shipped, purchases will be subject to return process rather than cancellation process. Buyers may request for return of purchased items at any time within 7 days from the date of receipt. With respect to return-related matters, relevant laws and regulations shall prevail over the terms and conditions suggested by sellers. Some products have different return policies or requirements associated with them. Return costs shall be borne by the party attributable to the return request, such as: - the buyer, where the return is due to his/her change of mind; and - the seller, where the return is due to the defects in the item, delivery delay or delivery of the wrong or different item Upon completion of the cancellation or the return process, the Company shall refund by immediately canceling the credit card transaction authorization in case of payment by credit card. Returned items should be in its original packaging, undamaged and complete. Medical devices for personal use must be returned unopened and seal intact. Medications and Health supplements are not returnable. Services consumed are not refundable.
## Pricing and Seller Activities

Sellers shall properly manage and ensure that relevant information such as the price and the details of items, inventory amount and terms and conditions for sales is accurate. Mobile Health has an ethical board which will determine if the product is medically and ethically appropriate. Only items and services approved by the ethics committee will be allowed to be sold. The price of items and option items for sale will be determined by the seller at his/her own discretion. The price of an item and Shipping Charge shall include the entire amount to be charged to buyers such as sales tax, value-added tax, tariffs, etc. and sellers shall not charge buyers such amount additionally and separately. Sellers agree that the Company may at its discretion engage in promotional activities for and on behalf of sellers to induce transactions between buyers and sellers by reducing, discounting. The final price that buyers will pay actually will be the price that such adjustment is applied to. For the purpose of promoting the sales of the items listed by sellers, the Company may post such items (at adjusted price) on third-party Apps (such as portal sites and price comparison sites) and other Apps (domestic or foreign) operated by the Company. Sellers shall issue receipts, credit card slips or tax invoices to buyers on request, if such issuance is required under the laws of Singapore, and sellers agree that the Company may issue such receipts or tax invoice under the name of the seller for and on behalf of the seller. Joining this App is free, we do not charge buyers any fees for purchasing and bidding on listed items and we do not charge sellers any insertion or listing fees. We do charge sellers fees for completed transactions such as Basic Fees, Option Item Fees and Shipping Charge Fees and other service fees for marketing and promotion features. When you list an item or use a service that has a fee you have an opportunity to review and accept the fees that you will be charged based on our Fees Schedule. All service fees are subject to GST and other taxes by applicable laws and regulations and the Company will charge sellers such GST and other taxes additionally. Sellers agree that service fees and taxes may be paid by deducting from the purchase price paid by buyers. The Company shall issue receipts or tax invoices for service fees paid by sellers on a monthly basis.
## Content

You may post reviews, comments, photos and other content; submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. The Company reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you are deemed to have granted the Company a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You are deemed to have granted the Company and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify the Company for all claims resulting from content you supply. The Company has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit any activity or content. The Company takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
## Other Businesses

Parties other than the Company operate stores, provide services, sell products or list advertisement on this App, and this site may link to sites of affiliated companies and certain other companies. The Company is not responsible for examining or evaluating, and does not warrant the products of such business or individual or the content of their web sites. The Company does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
## Release

If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
## Access and Interference

Our App contains robot exclusion headers. Much of the information on the sites is updated on a real-time basis and is proprietary or is licensed to the Company by our users or third parties. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the sites for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: - take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; - copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, or publicly display any content (except for Your Information) from the App without the prior expressed written permission of the Company and the appropriate third party, as applicable; - interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the App or any activities conducted on the App; or - bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the App.
## Privacy

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We use your information only as described in our Privacy Policy. We view protection of users' privacy as a very important community principle. We store and process your information on computers that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. You can access and modify the information you provide us and choose not to receive certain communications by signing-in to your account. We use third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles. For a complete description of how we use and protect your personal information, see our Privacy Policy. If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use our services. For the avoidance of doubt, If Mobile Health has reasonable grounds to believe that any User is in breach of any of the terms of this Agreement, Mobile Health reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cooperate fully with governmental authorities, private investigators, all the rightful owner(s) or interest holder(s) and/or injured third parties in the investigation of any potential or ongoing criminal or civil wrongdoing. Further, Mobile Health may disclose the User's identify and contact information, or such other transaction-related data, if requested by a government or law enforcement body, private investigator, rightful owner or interest holder and/or any injured third party or as a result of a subpoena or other legal action, or if Mobile Health is of the view, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it would be in its best interest to do so. Mobile Health shall not be liable for damages or results arising from such disclosure, and the User(s) agrees not to bring action or claim against Mobile Health for such disclosure.
## Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees), harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
## No Warranties

You will not hold the Company responsible for other users' content, actions or inactions, or items they list, including things they post. You acknowledge that we are not a traditional online shopping service provider or auctioneer. Instead, We provide an electronic marketplace for buyers and sellers and arranges transactions between such buyers and sellers. The Company is responsible for operating and managing its App and makes reasonable efforts in order to maintain efficient services. We are not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers. We have no control over and do not guarantee the quality, safety or legality of items advertised, the truth or accuracy of users' content or listings, the ability of sellers to sell items, the ability of buyers to pay for items, or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction. We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer. Unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise, the buyer will become the item's lawful owner upon physical receipt of the item from the seller. We cannot guarantee continuous or secure access to our services, and operation of the App may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Accordingly, to the extent legally permitted, we exclude all implied warranties, terms and conditions. We are not liable for any loss of money, goodwill, or reputation, or any special, indirect, or consequential damages arising out of your use of our App and services. ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND OTHER CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS APP, OR OBTAINED FROM A LINKED SITE IS PROVIDED TO THE USER "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY OR ACCURACY. THE COMPANY HAS MADE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO POST CURRENT AND ACCURATE INFORMATION ON THIS APP; HOWEVER, THE COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR INACCURACIES WHATSOEVER IN THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS APP. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY THE USER'S RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THIS APP. IT IS THE USER'S RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND USE OF THIS APP IS SOLELY AT THE USER'S OWN RISK. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO SOME USERS. Limitation of Liability THE USER SPECIFICALLY AGREES THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, ANY MATERIAL OR DATA SENT OR RECEIVED OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THIS APP. THE USER SPECIFICALLY AGREES THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY THREATENING, DEFAMATORY, OBSCENE, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONTENT OR CONDUCT OF ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY INFRINGEMENT OF ANOTHER'S RIGHTS, INCLUDING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. THE USER SPECIFICALLY AGREES THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT SENT USING THE COMMUNICATION SERVICES AND/OR INCLUDED IN THIS SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM: (1) RELIANCE ON THE MATERIALS PRESENTED, (2) COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, (3) LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, (4) DELAYS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, (5) AND ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS APP, WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
## No Agency

No agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this User Agreement. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended, exists or is created between the Company and any buyer or seller. Notices Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any legal notices shall served on Mobile Health Pte. Ltd. via registered mail, to 20 MAXWELL ROAD #09-01B MAXWELL HOUSE SINGAPORE (069113) (in the case of the Company) or to the email address you provide to us during the registration process (in your case). Notice shall be deemed given 24 hours after email is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the email address is invalid. Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to the address provided during the registration process. In such case, notice shall be deemed given three days after the date of mailing unless otherwise required by law.
## Applicable Law and Jurisdiction

By visiting this App, you agree that the laws of Singapore, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this User Agreement and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Company. The courts of Singapore will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any legal action or the proceedings against the Company arising out of, with respect to, or in connection with any disputes over this User Agreement and disputes between Users.
## General

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such section. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this Agreement. We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. Except as stated elsewhere, all amended terms shall automatically be effective 14 days after they are initially posted. This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing signed by you and us. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof.
If you have any questions regarding this agreement, please contact us via email at admin@manadr.com
